UNIT FILE                                     STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount             static  
dev-hugepages.mount                           static  
dev-mqueue.mount                              static  
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                            static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                 static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                 static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                       static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                        static  
tmp.mount                                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                  static  
brandbot.path                                 [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.path             static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path            static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                static  
session-2.scope                               static  
session-54.scope                              static  
session-78.scope                              static  
session-80.scope                              static  
session-c1.scope                              static  
arp-ethers.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
auditd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
auth-rpcgss-module.service                    static  
autovt@.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
blk-availability.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
brandbot.service                              static  
chrony-dnssrv@.service                        static  
chrony-wait.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
chronyd.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
conntrackd.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-getty.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-shell.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service                      static  
containerd.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
cpupower.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
crond.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service     [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service           static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service   [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service    [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service        static  
dbus.service                                  static  
debug-shell.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
dm-event.service                              static  
dnsmasq.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
dracut-cmdline.service                        static  
dracut-initqueue.service                      static  
dracut-mount.service                          static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                      static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                      static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                    static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                       static  
dracut-shutdown.service                       static  
ebtables.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
emergency.service                             static  
filebeat.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
firewalld.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
fstrim.service                                static  
getty@.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
gssproxy.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
halt-local.service                            static  
initrd-cleanup.service                        static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                      static  
initrd-switch-root.service                    static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service             static  
iprdump.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprinit.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprupdate.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
irqbalance.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
kafka.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
kdump.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service                     static  
lvm2-lvmetad.service                          static  
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                         static  
lvm2-monitor.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-pvscan@.service                          static  
memcached.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
messagebus.service                            static  
microcode.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
monit.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service             [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-wait-online.service            [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
nfs-blkmap.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-config.service                            static  
nfs-idmap.service                             static  
nfs-idmapd.service                            static  
nfs-lock.service                              static  
nfs-mountd.service                            static  
nfs-rquotad.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-secure.service                            static  
nfs-server.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-utils.service                             static  
nfs.service                                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfslock.service                               static  
nginx.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
ntpd.service                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
ntpdate.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
patroni-watchdog.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
patroni.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-halt.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-kexec.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-poweroff.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit-wait.service                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-read-write.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-reboot.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-start.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-switch-root.service                  static  
polkit.service                                static  
postfix.service                               [1;31mmasked  [0m
postgresql-11.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
pwnriglhttps.service                          [1;31mmasked  [0m
quotaon.service                               static  
rc-local.service                              static  
rdisc.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
rdma-load-modules@.service                    static  
rdma-ndd.service                              static  
rdma.service                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
redis-sentinel.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
redis.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
registries.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
rescue.service                                static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service                 [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-autorelabel.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-configure.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-dmesg.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-domainname.service                       [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-import-state.service                     [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-loadmodules.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-readonly.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
rhsm-facts.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhsm.service                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhsmcertd.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
rpc-gssd.service                              static  
rpc-rquotad.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
rpc-statd-notify.service                      static  
rpc-statd.service                             static  
rpcbind.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
rpcgssd.service                               static  
rpcidmapd.service                             static  
rsyncd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
rsyncd@.service                               static  
rsyslog.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
selinux-policy-migrate-local-changes@.service static  
serial-getty@.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
sidekiq.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
snapd.autoimport.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
snapd.failure.service                         static  
snapd.seeded.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
snapd.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
snmpd.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
snmptrapd.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
sshd-keygen.service                           static  
sshd.service                                  [1;32menabled [0m
sshd@.service                                 static  
swiagentd.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
swiagentd.update.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
sysstat.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.service          static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service         static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service             static  
systemd-backlight@.service                    static  
systemd-binfmt.service                        static  
systemd-bootchart.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-firstboot.service                     static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                     static  
systemd-fsck@.service                         static  
systemd-halt.service                          static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service             static  
systemd-hibernate.service                     static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                     static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                   static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                  static  
systemd-importd.service                       static  
systemd-initctl.service                       static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service        static  
systemd-journal-flush.service                 static  
systemd-journald.service                      static  
systemd-kexec.service                         static  
systemd-localed.service                       static  
systemd-logind.service                        static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service             static  
systemd-machined.service                      static  
systemd-modules-load.service                  static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-poweroff.service                      static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                    static  
systemd-random-seed.service                   static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service             [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-done.service                indirect
systemd-readahead-drop.service                [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-replay.service              [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-reboot.service                        static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                    static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                       static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                     static  
systemd-suspend.service                       static  
systemd-sysctl.service                        static  
systemd-timedated.service                     static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service            static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                   static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                  static  
systemd-udevd.service                         static  
systemd-update-done.service                   static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service          static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                   static  
systemd-user-sessions.service                 static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service                static  
tcsd.service                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
teamd@.service                                static  
tuned.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
wpa_supplicant.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
zookeeper.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
-.slice                                       static  
machine.slice                                 static  
system.slice                                  static  
user-1005.slice                               static  
user-1007.slice                               static  
user-1014.slice                               static  
user.slice                                    static  
dbus.socket                                   static  
dm-event.socket                               [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                           [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                          [1;32menabled [0m
rpcbind.socket                                [1;32menabled [0m
rsyncd.socket                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
snapd.socket                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
sshd.socket                                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
syslog.socket                                 static  
systemd-initctl.socket                        static  
systemd-journald.socket                       static  
systemd-shutdownd.socket                      static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket                  static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                   static  
basic.target                                  static  
bluetooth.target                              static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                         static  
cryptsetup.target                             static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
default.target                                [1;32menabled [0m
emergency.target                              static  
final.target                                  static  
getty-pre.target                              static  
getty.target                                  static  
graphical.target                              static  
halt.target                                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
hibernate.target                              static  
hybrid-sleep.target                           static  
initrd-fs.target                              static  
initrd-root-fs.target                         static  
initrd-switch-root.target                     static  
initrd.target                                 static  
iprutils.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
kexec.target                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
local-fs-pre.target                           static  
local-fs.target                               static  
machines.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
multi-user.target                             [1;32menabled [0m
network-online.target                         static  
network-pre.target                            static  
network.target                                static  
nfs-client.target                             [1;32menabled [0m
nss-lookup.target                             static  
nss-user-lookup.target                        static  
paths.target                                  static  
poweroff.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
printer.target                                static  
rdma-hw.target                                static  
reboot.target                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
remote-cryptsetup.target                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
remote-fs-pre.target                          static  
remote-fs.target                              [1;32menabled [0m
rescue.target                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
rpc_pipefs.target                             static  
rpcbind.target                                static  
runlevel0.target                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel1.target                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel2.target                              [1;32menabled [0m
runlevel3.target                              [1;32menabled [0m
runlevel4.target                              [1;32menabled [0m
runlevel5.target                              static  
runlevel6.target                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
shutdown.target                               static  
sigpwr.target                                 static  
sleep.target                                  static  
slices.target                                 static  
smartcard.target                              static  
sockets.target                                static  
sound.target                                  static  
suspend.target                                static  
swap.target                                   static  
sysinit.target                                static  
system-update.target                          static  
time-sync.target                              static  
timers.target                                 static  
umount.target                                 static  
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
fstrim.timer                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-readahead-done.timer                  indirect
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                  static  

306 unit files listed.
