UNIT FILE                                     STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount             static  
dev-hugepages.mount                           static  
dev-mqueue.mount                              static  
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                            static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                 static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                 static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                       static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                        static  
tmp.mount                                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                  static  
brandbot.path                                 [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.path             static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path            static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                static  
session-2.scope                               static  
session-54.scope                              static  
session-78.scope                              static  
session-80.scope                              static  
session-81.scope                              static  
session-83.scope                              static  
session-84.scope                              static  
session-c1.scope                              static  
arp-ethers.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
auditd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
auth-rpcgss-module.service                    static  
autovt@.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
blk-availability.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
brandbot.service                              static  
chrony-dnssrv@.service                        static  
chrony-wait.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
chronyd.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
conntrackd.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-getty.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-shell.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service                      static  
containerd.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
cpupower.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
crond.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service     [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service           static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service   [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service    [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service        static  
dbus.service                                  static  
debug-shell.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
dm-event.service                              static  
dnsmasq.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
dracut-cmdline.service                        static  
dracut-initqueue.service                      static  
dracut-mount.service                          static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                      static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                      static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                    static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                       static  
dracut-shutdown.service                       static  
ebtables.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
emergency.service                             static  
filebeat.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
firewalld.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
fstrim.service                                static  
getty@.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
gssproxy.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
halt-local.service                            static  
initrd-cleanup.service                        static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                      static  
initrd-switch-root.service                    static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service             static  
iprdump.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprinit.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprupdate.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
irqbalance.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
kafka.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
kdump.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service                     static  
lvm2-lvmetad.service                          static  
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                         static  
lvm2-monitor.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-pvscan@.service                          static  
memcached.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
messagebus.service                            static  
microcode.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
monit.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service             [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-wait-online.service            [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
nfs-blkmap.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-config.service                            static  
nfs-idmap.service                             static  
nfs-idmapd.service                            static  
nfs-lock.service                              static  
nfs-mountd.service                            static  
nfs-rquotad.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-secure.service                            static  
nfs-server.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-utils.service                             static  
nfs.service                                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfslock.service                               static  
nginx.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
ntpd.service                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
ntpdate.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
patroni-watchdog.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
patroni.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-halt.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-kexec.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-poweroff.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit-wait.service                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-read-write.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-reboot.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-start.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-switch-root.service                  static  
polkit.service                                static  
postfix.service                               [1;31mmasked  [0m
postgresql-11.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
pwnriglhttps.service                          [1;31mmasked  [0m
quotaon.service                               static  
rc-local.service                              static  
rdisc.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
rdma-load-modules@.service                    static  
rdma-ndd.service                              static  
rdma.service                                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
redis-sentinel.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
redis.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
registries.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
rescue.service                                static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service                 [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-autorelabel.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-configure.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-dmesg.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-domainname.service                       [1;32menabled [0m
rhel-import-state.service     